# EVENTS
- Travle:
1. Go to Hsinchu with my gf.

- Works:
2. Going on LLDM Leakage GUI.
3. Going on Delta Leakage GUI.
4. Going on GUI for Qorvo UCI.
5. Learning the basic of Swift.
6. Learning UWB.

- Additional works:
7. I want to make a BLE project with fully structure with - ESP32.
8. I want to get the certification of the CLE - C Certified Entry-Level Programmer.

- My own works:
9. Working on ESP-cam for IoT.
10. Resume the unmanned Surface Vehicle with Raspberry Pi 5 Project.
11. Going on Study Kit.

- My review works:
12. Review Microchip Studio with ATmega328P.
13. Review C codes.

- My learning works:
14. Finish Learn Python Tkinter.
15. Learning Python.
16. Learning C Codes.
17. Resuming learning on Leetcode.
18. Resuming learning on HackerRank.
19. Resuming learning on Nordic.
20. Start learning on Exercism.
21. Learning books.
22. Learning FreeRTOS with ESP32 C6.
23. Try Wokwi

- Games:
24. Still, plan to play at least 70 games a week.

---

# REMARK
### Hsinchu City
- Go to my gf sister's wedding.
- Support
- tired not relax
- next time no participate wedding.

### Certification (Remain the same as last month)
- CLE - C Certified Entry-Level Programmer
- AI應用規劃師

### Books
1. C
2. C++
3. C#
4. Algorithms
5. Python
6. STM32
7. ESP32

### Study Kit
1. Wemos D1 mini
2. Circuit
3. Arduino

### Using Board
- Arduino UNO R3
- ADI MAX32662
- Nordic nRF52840
- NXP MK kit
- ESP C6

#### Arduino UNO R3
- SD Card with SPI
- Finish the report.
- Can optimize the codes and report after then.

#### ADI MAX32662
- Leakage

#### Nordic nRF52840
- UCI
- UWB

#### NXP MK kit
- UWB

#### ESP C6
- FreeRTOS
- GUI testing (reading data from serial)

# NOTE
- I would rather build up & learn with ESP32 or NXP or Nordic board, but not ADI MAX board.
- The reason is I don't like it.